|              |                                 |
|--------------|---------------------------------|
| Date:        | 02.04.2024                      |
| Time:        | 15:45                           |
| Location:    | Delft Drebbelweg PC 1 cubicle 4 |
| Chair        | Sofyan Ali                      |
| Minute Taker | Noam Dickmann                   |
| Attendees:   | Everyone (hopefully)            |

# Agenda

## Opening (5 min)
- Checkup (1 min)
    * Did everyone meet their requirements this week?
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- TA announcements (2 min)

## Agenda Items (30 min)
- Summary of the Week & Present app to TA (5 min)
  - Live language switch is implemented (almost)
    - Only issue is with the flags
  - calculations for debts are done
    - need some fine tuning 
      - translations, currency and payments
    - websocktes?

  
- Basic Requirements (2 min)
    - all done (very almost?)
    - if time, check if we have done everything


- extensions (10 min)
  - Live language switch is implemented, only missing a small thing 
    - flag emojis don't render on windows
      - icon libraries - teo's had trouble before, user could just provide country code (UK, NL, RO, etc)
      - images - user would have to provide image for language, no way to standardise
    - question regarding the combobox
  - foreign currency is also implemented
    - broken on main (clarify what it's actually meant to do)
  - open debt and detailed expenses are kind of implemented already?
  - Do we want to continue to add extensions or stop with what we have?


- Assignments and feedback (12 min)
  - To do for this week: Teamwork self reflection
    - deadline is coming friday 12am
  - project pitch
    - 7.3 as grade (do we consider this as a good grade?)
    - excellent for features clarity and interactions part, but
      features is 'sufficient'. how to improve?
  - implemented features
    - we have insufficient for everything, why?
    - how can we tackle this?
    
- This weeks planning (What to do?) (5 min)
  - Testing
  - services (backend and maybe also front end)
  - what remains?
  - tuning the app?

- Small discussions (3 min)


## Closing (10 min)
- choose next chair and minute taker
- Any other thoughts/comments/things to discuss? (5 min)
- Other questions for the TA (5 min)